Welcome back.
Now, the one thing I really wanted to make sure with this course is that I show you how your day to
day tasks of a developer actually look like in real life.
And the thing is, in our world, packages, libraries, tools are constantly being updated.
So once you build a website, once you build a project, you have to maintain it.
And maintaining a project means making sure that the project still works.
Years after you built it, making sure that you update the libraries because libraries like bootstrap,
well, they update constantly with new features, new privacy features.
So part of your job is also maintaining your projects.
Now, throughout the course, I show you how to update all of our projects to the latest version of
a tool or library that it uses based on the current year.
So we're going to do the same with this startup landing page.
We haven't built this yet.
We're still working towards it, but this is the finished product that you're going to have as well.
And I'll also provide the code for you at the end of this section.
But let's say a year passes, you've created your startup landing page, and guess what?
Bootstrap comes with a new version.
Look at that.
The current bootstrap version is this, and maybe your client says, Hey, can you make sure that our
website is up to date, that all our libraries that we use like bootstrap are up to date?
So you say, sure, no problem, boss, and you get to it.
But how do you do that?
Well, let's set up this example.
You can pause the video here and try it for yourself if you like.
But if I click on Get Started Here, like we did in the previous video, we see that we now have the
same thing as we did before, this time with the latest version of Bootstrap.
So what I can do, let's say if I was updating my project, so let's just copy that.
Go back to my text editor and where I import it or use the seed.
And for bootstrap, which you can see that it has a lower version that it currently is.
I simply replace that with the one that I just copied.
I'm just going to replace this line with this new one.
So you can see here that we have the latest version of Bootstrap.
Finally, if we were using JavaScript in our project, we can also update the JavaScript by copying
this.
Now we won't worry about this because in this project we don't use JavaScript and that's something that
we'll cover later on in the course.
But you can see here, I just simply updated the version.
So now when my HTML file looks for a bootstrap, CSS file is going to go to this location that points
to the latest version.
So let's save this and open up our project fi refresh.
Everything should still work.
Everything should still look the same.
So good.
We just updated it just like that.
So now if I click on Find Out More, you'll see that I'll get my little subscribe form.
Now, one thing to note here you might encounter some issues based on what type of plugins your browser
uses.
For example, here in this case, I'm using a ad blocker.
On my Google Chrome.
And you can see here that it doesn't let me see the sign up form here.
So what you might have to do is using the URL that you've created in your MailChimp.
So remember if you created a campaign with a landing page, it gives you a link usually, which is this
one over here, which again, I'll show you how to create and the rest of the videos.
What you can do is you can copy that link, open up the incognito mode and then in here paste it and
you should be able to see the email subscribe button.
So just a heads up in case you see that.
Anyway, we got sidetracked.
The good news is that now we have the latest version of Bootstrap and in similar fashion.
In the future, when you want to update your bootstrap project, it's as simple as that.
Simply pointing it to the newest version of the CSS file.
I'll see you in the next one.
Bye bye.